embedding_experiments_1/cluster_embeddings/README.md, before:


# 📓
- 💿 loads user 🧑🏻 + assistant 🤖 pairs from a JSONL file
  - prepping pairs will be its own directory of stuff ( TODO: add SALON/openai_chatpair_prep )
- 🎛️ embeds each pair with any GGUF embedding model served by llama-cpp-python
- ⚖️ mean-pools the per-token vectors to get a single sentence embedding
  - TODO: ELABORATE. we may jave functionality issues due to misunderstandingZ
- (optionally) writes every {text, embedding} pair to a JSONL side-file
- 🥞 stacks the embeddings into a NumPy matrix
- 📑 clusters them with K-Means (automatic K sweep optional)
- 🖨️ prints a few examples from each cluster



# ⌨️

```shell
python cluster_chats.py \
  --jsonl conversation_turns.jsonl \
  --model /path/to/bge-base-en-v1.5.Q4_K_M.gguf \
  --batch 1024 \
  --best-k --verbose
```

---

Swap --model for any embedding GGUF you prefer.

Raise or lower --batch as long as it exceeds your longest prompt tokens.

--dump-embeddings out.jsonl will save every {text, embedding} line.

---

happy clustering!

Commit message:

Clarify future robust code detection

embedding_experiments_1/cluster_embeddings/README.md, after:


# 📓
- 💿 loads user 🧑🏻 + assistant 🤖 pairs from a JSONL file
  - prepping pairs will be its own directory of stuff ( TODO: add SALON/openai_chatpair_prep )
- 🎛️ embeds each pair with any GGUF embedding model served by llama-cpp-python
- ⚖️ mean-pools the per-token vectors to get a single sentence embedding
  - TODO: ELABORATE. we may jave functionality issues due to misunderstandingZ
- (optionally) writes every {text, embedding} pair to a JSONL side-file
- 🥞 stacks the embeddings into a NumPy matrix
- 📑 clusters them with K-Means (automatic K sweep optional)
- 🖨️ prints a few examples from each cluster



# ⌨️

```shell
python cluster_chats.py \
  --jsonl conversation_turns.jsonl \
  --model /path/to/bge-base-en-v1.5.Q4_K_M.gguf \
  --batch 1024 \
  --best-k --verbose
```

---

Swap --model for any embedding GGUF you prefer.

Raise or lower --batch as long as it exceeds your longest prompt tokens.

--dump-embeddings out.jsonl will save every {text, embedding} line.

---

## Code snippet indexing

`index_code_snippets.py` parses chat transcripts and clusters the fenced code
blocks it finds.  The prototype relies on simple ````` fences, which makes it
easy to miss stray code.  Future revisions can plug in a parser such as
``tree-sitter`` or train a classifier to label lines as code or prose so that
snippets without fences are still discovered.  Both approaches offer more
resilience than searching for backticks alone.

happy clustering!
